README.md, before:

# Visualizing concepts from EE364A (Convex Optimization) using Marimo
Here, you can find some interactive demos for HW problems as well as some additional demos aiming to show relations between primal/dual problems and provide intuition. Feel free to email requests/ideas for new demos to nzahedi@stanford.edu.

## HW4
- [A20.10: Energy storage trade-offs](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A20_10/)
- [A20.10 dual analysis](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A20_10_duals/)


## HW5
- [A16.11: Control with various objectives](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A16-11/)
- [A16.11: Huber loss](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A16-11_huber/) An additional demo showing how the $M$ parameter of the Huber loss affects the optimal control inputs


## Additional Primal/Dual Visualizations
- [Ellipsoid Peeling](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/ellipsoid_peeling/)
- [Hanging Beads](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/hanging_beads/)

Commit message:

Update README with note on Ellipsoid Peeling
Added a note about rendering delay for Ellipsoid Peeling visualization.

README.md, after:

# Visualizing concepts from EE364A (Convex Optimization) using Marimo
Here, you can find some interactive demos for HW problems as well as some additional demos aiming to show relations between primal/dual problems and provide intuition. Feel free to email requests/ideas for new demos to nzahedi@stanford.edu.

## HW4
- [A20.10: Energy storage trade-offs](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A20_10/)
- [A20.10 dual analysis](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A20_10_duals/)


## HW5
- [A16.11: Control with various objectives](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A16-11/)
- [A16.11: Huber loss](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/A16-11_huber/) An additional demo showing how the $M$ parameter of the Huber loss affects the optimal control inputs


## Additional Primal/Dual Visualizations
- [Ellipsoid Peeling](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/ellipsoid_peeling/) Note: this is currently being solved on an external server, so it takes a while to render after you move the points. Working on making it smoother
- [Hanging Beads](https://ni2002ka.github.io/cvxpy-marimo-visuals/hanging_beads/)
